_pages/program/program.md, before:

---
title: Conference Overview
layout: single
excerpt: "ACL 2024 Conference Overview."
permalink: /program/
sidebar: 
    nav: "program"
---

## Saturday, August 10th:
<style>
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 20em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {width: 55em; }
</style>
| 14:00 – 19:00 | Registration located on Level 22 Centara Grand Convention Center
{: .news-table}

## Sunday, August 11th:
<style>
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 20em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {width: 55em; }
</style>
| 07:30 – 20:30 | Registration Check in
| 09:00 – 12:30 | Tutorials (10:30 – 11:00 - Coffee, Tea and Pastry)
| 12:30 – 14:00 | Box Lunch Provided
| 14:00 – 17:30 | Tutorials (15:30 – 16:00 – Coffee, Tea and Biscuits)
| 18:30 – 21:00 | Welcome Reception (Light canapés &. Drink ticket)
{: .news-table}

## Monday, August 12th:
<style>
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 20em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {width: 55em; }
</style>
| 07:30 – 16:30 | Registration
| 09:00 – 10:30 | Session 1: Plenary - Opening Session & Keynote TBA
| 10:30 – 11:00 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Pastry
| 11:00 – 12:30 | Session 2: Oral’s/Posters/ Demo Presentations A
| 12:30 – 14:00 | Box Lunch Provided
| 12:45 – 13:45 | Session 3: Finding Presentations 1
| 14:00 – 15:30 | Session 4: Oral’s/Posters/ Demo Presentations B
| 15:30 – 16:00 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Biscuits
| 16:00 – 17:30 | Session 5: Oral’s/Posters/ Demo Presentations C
| 17:45 – 18:45 | Session 6: Findings Presentations 2
{: .news-table}

## Tuesday, August 13th:
<style>
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 20em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {width: 55em; }
</style>
| 08:30 – 16:30 | Registration
| 09:00 – 10:00 | Session 7: Plenary - Keynote TBA
| 10:00 – 10:30 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Pastry
| 10:30 – 12:00 | Session 8: Oral’s/Posters/ Demo Presentations D
| 12:00 – 13:00 | Box Lunch provided
| 12:15 – 13:15 | Session 9: Finding Presentations 3
| 13:30 – 14:30 | Session 10: Plenary - Business Meeting (all attendees welcome)
| 14:30 – 15:30 | Session 11: Plenary - Panel
| 15:30 – 16:00 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Biscuits
| 16:00 – 17:30 | Session 12: Oral’s/Posters/ Demo Presentations E
| 19:00 – 22:00 | Social Event Dinner (Buffet Dinner & Drink Ticket)
{: .news-table}

## Wednesday, August 14th:
<style>
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 20em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {width: 55em; }
</style>
| 08:30 – 16:30 | Registration
| 09:00 – 10:00 | Session 13: Plenary - Keynote TBA
| 10:00 – 10:30 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Pastry)
| 10:30 – 12:00 | Session 14: Oral’s/Posters/ Demo Presentations F
| 12:00 – 13:30 | Box Lunch Provided
| 12:15 – 13:15 | Session 15 - Finding Presentations 4
| 13:30 – 15:00 | Session 16: Plenary - Lifetime Achievement & ToT Awards
| 15:00 – 15:30 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Biscuits
| 15:30 – 17:00 | Session 17: Plenary - Paper Awards
| 17:00 – 17:30 | Session 17: Plenary - Closing Session
{: .news-table}

## Thursday, August 15th:
<style>
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 20em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {width: 55em; }
</style>
| 08:00 – 16:30 | Registration
| 09:00 – 17:30 | [Workshops](/program/workshops/) (please see workshop for details schedule)
| 10:30 – 11:00 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Pastry
| 12:30 – 14:00 | Box Lunch Available
| 15:30 – 16:00 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Biscuits
{: .news-table}

### Workshop List (Listed in alphabetical order)
* Argmining
* CMCL
* Health
* Historic Change
* Human-Centred
* IWSLT - Day 1 of 2
* KaLLM
* Lang + Mol
* LoResMT
* ML4AL
* PrivateNLP
* REPL4NLP
* Structured
* TeachNLP
* TextGraphs
* TurkicNLP – Day 1 of 2
* WASSA


## Friday, August 16th:
<style>
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 20em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {width: 55em; }
</style>
| 08:00 – 16:30 | Registration
| 09:00 – 17:30 | Workshops (please see workshop for details schedule)
| 10:30 – 11:00 | Break - Coffee, Tea and pastry
| 12:30 – 14:00 | Box Lunch Available
| 15:30 – 16:00 | Break - Coffee, Tea and pastry
{: .news-table}

### Workshop List (Listed in alphabetical order)
* ArabicNLP
* AVLR
* BioNLP
* C3NLP
* Chinese LP
* ClimateNLP
* CONDA
* ConvAI
* FieldMatters
* Gender Bias
* Grounded
* IWSLT - Day 2 of 2
* Knowledge Augmentation
* KnowLLM
* SDP
* TurkicNLP – Day 2 of 2
* Wordplay


<br><br>

Commit message:

Update program detail and sponsors information

_pages/program/program.md, after:

---
title: Conference Overview
layout: single
excerpt: "ACL 2024 Conference Overview."
permalink: /program/
sidebar: 
    nav: "program"
---

### Full program on [Underline](https://underline.io/events/466/schedule/embed?timeZone=Asia%2FBangkok&day=2024-08-11T02%3A00%3A00.000Z)

## Saturday, August 10th:
<style>
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 20em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {width: 55em; }
</style>
| 14:00 – 19:00 | Registration located on Level 22 Centara Grand Convention Center
{: .news-table}

## Sunday, August 11th:
<style>
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 20em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {width: 55em; }
</style>
| 07:30 – 20:30 | Registration Check in
| 09:00 – 12:30 | Tutorials (10:30 – 11:00 - Coffee, Tea and Pastry)
| 12:30 – 14:00 | Box Lunch Provided
| 14:00 – 17:30 | Tutorials (15:30 – 16:00 – Coffee, Tea and Biscuits)
| 18:30 – 21:00 | Welcome Reception (Light canapés &. Drink ticket)
{: .news-table}

## Monday, August 12th:
<style>
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 20em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {width: 55em; }
</style>
| 07:30 – 16:30 | Registration
| 09:00 – 10:30 | Session 1: Plenary - <br> **Keynote Speaker: Sunita Sarawagi** <br> *Does In-Context-Learning Offer the Best Tradeoff in Accuracy, Robustness, and Efficiency for Model Adaptation?*
| 10:30 – 11:00 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Pastry
| 11:00 – 12:30 | Session 2: Oral’s/Posters/ Demo Presentations A
| 12:30 – 14:00 | Box Lunch Provided
| 12:45 – 13:45 | Session 3: Finding Presentations 1
| 14:00 – 15:30 | Session 4: Oral’s/Posters/ Demo Presentations B
| 15:30 – 16:00 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Biscuits
| 16:00 – 17:30 | Session 5: Oral’s/Posters/ Demo Presentations C
| 17:45 – 18:45 | Session 6: Findings Presentations 2
{: .news-table}

## Tuesday, August 13th:
<style>
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 20em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {width: 55em; }
</style>
| 08:30 – 16:30 | Registration
| 09:00 – 10:00 | Session 7: Plenary - <br> **Keynote Speaker: Subbarao Kambhampati** <br> *Can LLMs Reason and Plan?*
| 10:00 – 10:30 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Pastry
| 10:30 – 12:00 | Session 8: Oral’s/Posters/ Demo Presentations D
| 12:00 – 13:00 | Box Lunch provided
| 12:15 – 13:15 | Session 9: Finding Presentations 3
| 13:30 – 14:30 | Session 10: Plenary - Business Meeting (all attendees welcome)
| 14:30 – 15:30 | Session 11: Plenary - Panel Dicussion <br> **Challenges and Opportunities with SEA LLMs** <br> *Sarana Nutanong, VISTEC, Ayu Purwarianti, Bandung Institute of Technology (ITB), Indonesia, William Tjhi, AI Singapore*
| 15:30 – 16:00 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Biscuits
| 16:00 – 17:30 | Session 12: Oral’s/Posters/ Demo Presentations E
| 19:00 – 22:00 | Social Event Dinner (Buffet Dinner & Drink Ticket) located at [The Berkeley Hotel Pratunam](https://maps.app.goo.gl/v8sGBVLpz84MPuHL9)
{: .news-table}

## Wednesday, August 14th:
<style>
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 20em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {width: 55em; }
</style>
| 08:30 – 16:30 | Registration
| 09:00 – 10:00 | Session 13: Plenary **Keynote Speaker: Barbara Plank** <br> *Are LLMs Narrowing Our Horizon? Let’s Embrace Variation in NLP!*
| 10:00 – 10:30 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Pastry
| 10:30 – 12:00 | Session 14: Oral’s/Posters/ Demo Presentations F
| 12:00 – 13:30 | Box Lunch Provided
| 12:15 – 13:15 | Session 15 - Finding Presentations 4
| 13:30 – 15:00 | Session 16: Plenary - Lifetime Achievement & ToT Awards
| 15:00 – 15:30 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Biscuits
| 15:30 – 17:00 | Session 17: Plenary - Paper Awards
| 17:00 – 17:30 | Session 17: Plenary - Closing Session
{: .news-table}

## Thursday, August 15th:
<style>
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 20em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {width: 55em; }
</style>
| 08:00 – 16:30 | Registration
| 09:00 – 17:30 | [Workshops](/program/workshops/) (please see workshop for details schedule)
| 10:30 – 11:00 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Pastry
| 12:30 – 14:00 | Box Lunch Available
| 15:30 – 16:00 | Break - Coffee, Tea and Biscuits
{: .news-table}

### Workshop List (Listed in alphabetical order)
* Argmining
* CMCL
* Health
* Historic Change
* Human-Centred
* IWSLT - Day 1 of 2
* KaLLM
* Lang + Mol
* LoResMT
* ML4AL
* PrivateNLP
* REPL4NLP
* Structured
* TeachNLP
* TextGraphs
* TurkicNLP – Day 1 of 2
* WASSA


## Friday, August 16th:
<style>
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 20em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {width: 55em; }
</style>
| 08:00 – 16:30 | Registration
| 09:00 – 17:30 | Workshops (please see workshop for details schedule)
| 10:30 – 11:00 | Break - Coffee, Tea and pastry
| 12:30 – 14:00 | Box Lunch Available
| 15:30 – 16:00 | Break - Coffee, Tea and pastry
{: .news-table}

### Workshop List (Listed in alphabetical order)
* ArabicNLP
* AVLR
* BioNLP
* C3NLP
* Chinese LP
* ClimateNLP
* CONDA
* ConvAI
* FieldMatters
* Gender Bias
* Grounded
* IWSLT - Day 2 of 2
* Knowledge Augmentation
* KnowLLM
* SDP
* TurkicNLP – Day 2 of 2
* Wordplay


<br><br>
