_pages/participants/visa.md, before:

---
title: "Visa"
layout: single
excerpt: "ACL 2024 Venue"
permalink: /participants/visa/
sidebar: 
    nav: "participants"
toc: True
toc_sticky: True
---
## Official Website
**Visa Application Form**<br>
[https://www.thaievisa.go.th/](https://www.thaievisa.go.th/)

**Thai Embassy in Countries around the World**<br>
[http://www.thaiembassy.org/](http://www.thaiembassy.org/)

**Do I need a Visa to enter Thailand?**<br>
[https://www.thaievisa.go.th/](https://www.thaievisa.go.th/)

**Questions & Answers on Thai Visa**<br>
[https://www.thaievisa.go.th/visa/tourist-visa](https://www.thaievisa.go.th/visa/tourist-visa)

## Invitation Letter
If you would like to receive an invitation letter, please fill all required fields in this [form](https://forms.gle/xxvfzi3Q4Py7cr9h6).

## Visa Exemption
**Summary of Countries and Territories** <small>(as of 9 May 2024)</small><br>
###  Traveling to Thailand without a visa for up to 90 days:
Argentina, Brazil, Chile, South Korea, Peru
###  Traveling to Thailand without a visa for up to 30 days:
Andorra, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bahrain, Brunei, Canada, China, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong, Hungary, Iceland, India, (11 May 24 –11 Nov24), Indonesia, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan (1 Mar 24–31 Aug 24), Kuwait, Latvia, Laos, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Maldives, Macau, Mauritius, Monaco, Mongolia, The Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Oman, The Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Slovak, Slovenia, Spain, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan (11 May 24 –11 Nov 24), Turkey, Ukraine, UAE, UK, USA, Vietnam
###  Traveling to Thailand without a visa for up to 14 days:
Cambodia, Myanmar

### Additional Information for 
* Chinese passport holders, please visit this [link](https://visaguide.world/visa-free-countries/chinese-passport/)
* Indian passport holders , please visit this [link](https://visaguide.world/visa-free-countries/indian-passport/)

## Visa on Arrival
Bulgaria, Bhutan, Cyprus, Ethiopia, Fiji, Georgia, Malta, Mexico, Nauru, Papua New Guinea, Romania, Uzbekistan, Vanuatu

The Thailand Visa On Arrival is only valid for 15 days, after which you have to leave the country; you cannot extend it.

## More details on Visa Information
Please visit this [link](https://image.mfa.go.th/mfa/0/zE6021nSnu/%E0%B9%80%E0%B8%AD%E0%B8%81%E0%B8%AA%E0%B8%B2%E0%B8%A3/VOA.pdf) from Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Kingdom of Thailand
and [Visa Guide](https://visaguide.world/asia/thailand-visa/who-needs-a-visa-for-thailand/)

Commit message:

Update Visa purpose of visit

_pages/participants/visa.md, after:

---
title: "Visa"
layout: single
excerpt: "ACL 2024 Venue"
permalink: /participants/visa/
sidebar: 
    nav: "participants"
toc: True
toc_sticky: True
---
## Official Website
**Visa Application Form**<br>
[https://www.thaievisa.go.th/](https://www.thaievisa.go.th/)

**Thai Embassy in Countries around the World**<br>
[http://www.thaiembassy.org/](http://www.thaiembassy.org/)

**Do I need a Visa to enter Thailand?**<br>
[https://www.thaievisa.go.th/](https://www.thaievisa.go.th/)

**Questions & Answers on Thai Visa**<br>
[https://www.thaievisa.go.th/visa/tourist-visa](https://www.thaievisa.go.th/visa/tourist-visa)

## Visa Guide 
If you need to apply a Visa, for the purpose of visit, please select "Participants of MICE Industry" as below picture <br><br>
<img src="/assets/images/bangkok/tceb_visa.png">

## Invitation Letter
If you would like to receive an invitation letter, please fill all required fields in this [form](https://forms.gle/xxvfzi3Q4Py7cr9h6).

## Visa Exemption
**Summary of Countries and Territories** <small>(as of 9 May 2024)</small><br>
###  Traveling to Thailand without a visa for up to 90 days:
Argentina, Brazil, Chile, South Korea, Peru
###  Traveling to Thailand without a visa for up to 30 days:
Andorra, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bahrain, Brunei, Canada, China, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong, Hungary, Iceland, India, (11 May 24 –11 Nov24), Indonesia, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan (1 Mar 24–31 Aug 24), Kuwait, Latvia, Laos, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Maldives, Macau, Mauritius, Monaco, Mongolia, The Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Oman, The Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Slovak, Slovenia, Spain, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan (11 May 24 –11 Nov 24), Turkey, Ukraine, UAE, UK, USA, Vietnam
###  Traveling to Thailand without a visa for up to 14 days:
Cambodia, Myanmar

### Additional Information for 
* Chinese passport holders, please visit this [link](https://visaguide.world/visa-free-countries/chinese-passport/)
* Indian passport holders , please visit this [link](https://visaguide.world/visa-free-countries/indian-passport/)

## Visa on Arrival
Bulgaria, Bhutan, Cyprus, Ethiopia, Fiji, Georgia, Malta, Mexico, Nauru, Papua New Guinea, Romania, Uzbekistan, Vanuatu

The Thailand Visa On Arrival is only valid for 15 days, after which you have to leave the country; you cannot extend it.

## More details on Visa Information
Please visit this [link](https://image.mfa.go.th/mfa/0/zE6021nSnu/%E0%B9%80%E0%B8%AD%E0%B8%81%E0%B8%AA%E0%B8%B2%E0%B8%A3/VOA.pdf) from Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Kingdom of Thailand
and [Visa Guide](https://visaguide.world/asia/thailand-visa/who-needs-a-visa-for-thailand/)
