_pages/home.md, before:

---
title: "The 62nd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics"
layout: splash
permalink: /
header:
  overlay_image: "/assets/images/bangkok/bangkok-banner.jpeg"
  caption: 'Photo by <a href="https://www.istockphoto.com/th/%E0%B8%A3%E0%B8%B9%E0%B8%9B%E0%B8%96%E0%B9%88%E0%B8%B2%E0%B8%A2/%E0%B9%81%E0%B8%A1%E0%B9%88%E0%B8%99%E0%B9%89%E0%B9%8D%E0%B8%B2%E0%B9%80%E0%B8%88%E0%B9%89%E0%B8%B2%E0%B8%9E%E0%B8%A3%E0%B8%B0%E0%B8%A2%E0%B8%B2%E0%B8%81%E0%B8%A3%E0%B8%B8%E0%B8%87%E0%B9%80%E0%B8%97%E0%B8%9E-gm619764040-108168277?phrase=bangkok">boykpc</a> on <a href="http://www.istockphoto.com">iStock</a>'
excerpt: "Bangkok, Thailand<br>August 11&ndash;16, 2024"
---

## Welcome!

The 62nd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL 2024) will take place in **Bangkok, Thailand** from **August 11th to 16th, 2024**.
More information will be announced soon.

## News

**Participants information have been posted**
{: .text-center .notice--info}



<!--style>
/*.news-table { font-size: .9em; table-layout: fixed; text-align: left; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 42em; }*/
.news-table { font-size: .9em; table-layout: fixed;}
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) {font-weight: bold; width: 25em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {font-weight: bold; width: 55em; }
</style>
| Dec 2, 2022 | [Birds of a Feather (BoF) Sessions at EMNLP](blog/Birds-of-a-Feather-(BoF)-Sessions-at-EMNLP/)
| Dec 1, 2022 | [TACL Paper (published in the MIT Press): Template-based Abstractive Microblog Opinion Summarisation](blog/TACL-Paper-2/)
| Nov 21, 2022 | [TACL Paper (published in the MIT Press): Multi-task Active Learning for Pre-trained Transformer-based Models](blog/TACL-Paper-1/)
| Oct 25, 2022 | [Discounted Student Accommodations at EMNLP 2022](blog/Discounted-Student-Accommodations/)
| Oct 14, 2022 | [Call for BoF Proposals](blog/Call-for-BoF-Proposals/)
| Oct 4, 2022 | [LGBTQ+ Visitor Considerations](/blog/EMNLP-2022-Abu-Dhabi-LGBTQ+-Visitor-Considerations)
| Sep 30, 2022 | [Call for Diversity and Inclusion Subsidies](/blog/Call-for-Diversity-and-Inclusion-Subsidies)
| Aug 15, 2022 | [Short Pieces on Reviewing](/blog/Short-Pieces-on-Reviwing)
{: .news-table}

[LOG POSTS](/blog/){: .btn .btn--info}
{: .text-center}

<div class="text-center notice--danger">
<p>Please fill out the short <a href="https://forms.office.com/r/Ww583kAMf7"><strong>post-conference survey</strong></a> to help us better organize future conferences.</p>
<p style="font-size: 80%">The survey takes ~4 minutes to complete. Note that there will be no email receipt once you hit submit, and please only submit once.
Aggregate statistics for non-text answers may be made publicly available. Answers to this survey will remain anonymous.
Any questions or direct feedback can be sent to <a href="mailto:naacl-contact@aclweb.org">naacl-contact@aclweb.org</a>.
</p>
</div>

NAACL D&I videos are now available on our [**Youtube channel**](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbdq7M48OgNoPIa9Uj_IBCw).
{: .text-center .notice--info}

The [**Virtual Conference Website**](https://underline.io/events/122/reception)
([walkthrough video](https://screencast-o-matic.com/watch/crhwbGVh3vx))
is still available for registered participants.
A subset of the content will be made available without registration in mid July,
and the pre-recorded talks for authors who opted in will be uploaded to the ACL anthology.<br>
<img src="/assets/images/logos/underline.png" style="max-height: 5em;">
{: .text-center .notice--info}

The [**Conference Program Schedule**](/program/) is now online.
{: .text-center .notice--info} -->

<style>
.news-table { font-size: .9em; table-layout: fixed; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 10em; }
</style>
| May 25, 2024 | [Participant](/participants/) information has been posted
| May 25, 2024 | [Program](/program/) information has been updated 
| May 25, 2024 | [Registration](/registration/) information has been posted 
| May 5, 2024 | Venue updated: The conference will be held at Centara Grand and Bangkok Convention Centre
| Apr 27, 2024 | [Call for Student Volunteers](/calls/volunteers) is posted.
| Mar 3, 2024 | The information about venue and visa details have been posted.
| Feb 26, 2024 | Submission link for [Call for System Demonstration](/calls/system_demonstration) is posted.
| Jan 31, 2024 | [Call for System Demonstration](/calls/system_demonstration) is posted.
| Jan 24, 2024 | [Call for Student Research Workshop](/calls/student_research_workshop) is posted.
| Jan 19, 2024 | [Call for Main Conference Papers](/calls/main_conference_papers) is posted.
| Nov 24, 2023 | The list of accepted workshops and tutorials have been posted.
| Oct 25, 2023 | The official ACL 2024 website is launched.
{: .news-table}

<!-- [Older News](/archive/){: .btn .btn--info}
{: .text-center} -->

<!--
| ~~Start of the anonymity period~~ | ~~Friday~~ | ~~October 23, 2020~~ |
| ~~Final paper submissions due (*long & short*)~~ | ~~Monday~~ | ~~November 23, 2020~~ |
| ~~Author Response Period~~ | ~~Wednesday – Monday~~ | ~~January 20 – 25, 2021~~ |
| ~~Notification of acceptance~~ | ~~Wednesday~~ | ~~March 10, 2021~~ |
| ~~Camera ready papers due~~ | ~~Sunday~~ | ~~April 11, 2021~~ |
| ~~Final notification for papers requiring ethics re-review~~ | ~~Friday~~ | ~~April 30, 2021~~ |
| ~~Publication date~~ | ~~Monday~~ | ~~May 24, 2021~~ |
| ~~Co-located event: [NLP Summer School 2021](https://ampln.github.io/escuelaverano2021/)~~ | ~~Thursday – Friday~~ | ~~June 3 – 4, 2021~~ |
!-->



## Important Dates

Tutorials | Sunday | August 11, 2024 |
Main Conference | Monday – Wednesday | August 12 – 14, 2024 |
Workshop | Thursday - Friday | August 15 -16, 2024 |

<style>
.dates-table { font-size: .9em; }
.dates-table tr td:nth-child(1) { width: 55%; }
.dates-table tr td:nth-child(2) { width: 25%; }
.dates-table del { color: #888; }
</style>


{: .dates-table}
<br>
<b>All deadlines are 11.59 pm <a target="_blank" href="https://www.timeanddate.com/time/zone/timezone/utc-12">UTC -12h</a> (anywhere on earth).</b>

<!--
| June 18, 2021 | Blogpost by D&I chairs: [Increasing Financial Accessibility in NAACL](/blog/dni-subsidies).
| June 8, 2021 | Congratulations to the winners of the [Best Demo Award](/blog/best-demo-award)!
| June 8, 2021 | Congratulations to the winners of the [Best Industry Paper Award](/blog/best-industry-paper)!
| June 3, 2021 | Added details about the [Careers in NLP](/blog/careers-in-nlp) industry panel.
| June 4, 2021 | Added [instructions for presenters](/participants/presenters/) and [Zoom rooms instructions](/participants/zoom-rooms/)
| June 3, 2021 | Details about the [Startups in NLP](/blog/startups-in-nlp) industry panel.
| June 3, 2021 | Updates from the program chairs on the [paper review process](/blog/paper-review-process) and [ethics-review-process](/blog/ethics-review-process).
| June 2, 2021 | Congratulations to the winners of the [Best Paper Awards](/blog/best-paper-awards)!
| June 2, 2021 | Blogpost by D&I chairs: [NAACL Mentoring Sessions](/blog/mentoring/)
| June 1, 2021 | The [Conference Structure](/blog/conference-structure/) is now available.
-->

Commit message:

Add Call for Subsidies information

_pages/home.md, after:

---
title: "The 62nd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics"
layout: splash
permalink: /
header:
  overlay_image: "/assets/images/bangkok/bangkok-banner.jpeg"
  caption: 'Photo by <a href="https://www.istockphoto.com/th/%E0%B8%A3%E0%B8%B9%E0%B8%9B%E0%B8%96%E0%B9%88%E0%B8%B2%E0%B8%A2/%E0%B9%81%E0%B8%A1%E0%B9%88%E0%B8%99%E0%B9%89%E0%B9%8D%E0%B8%B2%E0%B9%80%E0%B8%88%E0%B9%89%E0%B8%B2%E0%B8%9E%E0%B8%A3%E0%B8%B0%E0%B8%A2%E0%B8%B2%E0%B8%81%E0%B8%A3%E0%B8%B8%E0%B8%87%E0%B9%80%E0%B8%97%E0%B8%9E-gm619764040-108168277?phrase=bangkok">boykpc</a> on <a href="http://www.istockphoto.com">iStock</a>'
excerpt: "Bangkok, Thailand<br>August 11&ndash;16, 2024"
---

## Welcome!

The 62nd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL 2024) will take place in **Bangkok, Thailand** from **August 11th to 16th, 2024**.
More information will be announced soon.

## News

**Participants information have been posted**
{: .text-center .notice--info}



<!--style>
/*.news-table { font-size: .9em; table-layout: fixed; text-align: left; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 42em; }*/
.news-table { font-size: .9em; table-layout: fixed;}
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) {font-weight: bold; width: 25em; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(2) {font-weight: bold; width: 55em; }
</style>
| Dec 2, 2022 | [Birds of a Feather (BoF) Sessions at EMNLP](blog/Birds-of-a-Feather-(BoF)-Sessions-at-EMNLP/)
| Dec 1, 2022 | [TACL Paper (published in the MIT Press): Template-based Abstractive Microblog Opinion Summarisation](blog/TACL-Paper-2/)
| Nov 21, 2022 | [TACL Paper (published in the MIT Press): Multi-task Active Learning for Pre-trained Transformer-based Models](blog/TACL-Paper-1/)
| Oct 25, 2022 | [Discounted Student Accommodations at EMNLP 2022](blog/Discounted-Student-Accommodations/)
| Oct 14, 2022 | [Call for BoF Proposals](blog/Call-for-BoF-Proposals/)
| Oct 4, 2022 | [LGBTQ+ Visitor Considerations](/blog/EMNLP-2022-Abu-Dhabi-LGBTQ+-Visitor-Considerations)
| Sep 30, 2022 | [Call for Diversity and Inclusion Subsidies](/blog/Call-for-Diversity-and-Inclusion-Subsidies)
| Aug 15, 2022 | [Short Pieces on Reviewing](/blog/Short-Pieces-on-Reviwing)
{: .news-table}

[LOG POSTS](/blog/){: .btn .btn--info}
{: .text-center}

<div class="text-center notice--danger">
<p>Please fill out the short <a href="https://forms.office.com/r/Ww583kAMf7"><strong>post-conference survey</strong></a> to help us better organize future conferences.</p>
<p style="font-size: 80%">The survey takes ~4 minutes to complete. Note that there will be no email receipt once you hit submit, and please only submit once.
Aggregate statistics for non-text answers may be made publicly available. Answers to this survey will remain anonymous.
Any questions or direct feedback can be sent to <a href="mailto:naacl-contact@aclweb.org">naacl-contact@aclweb.org</a>.
</p>
</div>

NAACL D&I videos are now available on our [**Youtube channel**](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbdq7M48OgNoPIa9Uj_IBCw).
{: .text-center .notice--info}

The [**Virtual Conference Website**](https://underline.io/events/122/reception)
([walkthrough video](https://screencast-o-matic.com/watch/crhwbGVh3vx))
is still available for registered participants.
A subset of the content will be made available without registration in mid July,
and the pre-recorded talks for authors who opted in will be uploaded to the ACL anthology.<br>
<img src="/assets/images/logos/underline.png" style="max-height: 5em;">
{: .text-center .notice--info}

The [**Conference Program Schedule**](/program/) is now online.
{: .text-center .notice--info} -->

<style>
.news-table { font-size: .9em; table-layout: fixed; }
.news-table tr td:nth-child(1) { font-weight: bold; width: 10em; }
</style>
| Jun 04, 2024 | [Call for Subsidies](/calls/subsidies) is posted.
| May 25, 2024 | [Participant](/participants/) information has been posted.
| May 25, 2024 | [Program](/program/) information has been updated. 
| May 25, 2024 | [Registration](/registration/) information has been posted. 
| May 5, 2024 | Venue updated: The conference will be held at Centara Grand and Bangkok Convention Centre.
| Apr 27, 2024 | [Call for Student Volunteers](/calls/volunteers) is posted.
| Mar 3, 2024 | The information about venue and visa details have been posted.
| Feb 26, 2024 | Submission link for [Call for System Demonstration](/calls/system_demonstration) is posted.
| Jan 31, 2024 | [Call for System Demonstration](/calls/system_demonstration) is posted.
| Jan 24, 2024 | [Call for Student Research Workshop](/calls/student_research_workshop) is posted.
| Jan 19, 2024 | [Call for Main Conference Papers](/calls/main_conference_papers) is posted.
| Nov 24, 2023 | The list of accepted workshops and tutorials have been posted.
| Oct 25, 2023 | The official ACL 2024 website is launched.
{: .news-table}

<!-- [Older News](/archive/){: .btn .btn--info}
{: .text-center} -->

<!--
| ~~Start of the anonymity period~~ | ~~Friday~~ | ~~October 23, 2020~~ |
| ~~Final paper submissions due (*long & short*)~~ | ~~Monday~~ | ~~November 23, 2020~~ |
| ~~Author Response Period~~ | ~~Wednesday – Monday~~ | ~~January 20 – 25, 2021~~ |
| ~~Notification of acceptance~~ | ~~Wednesday~~ | ~~March 10, 2021~~ |
| ~~Camera ready papers due~~ | ~~Sunday~~ | ~~April 11, 2021~~ |
| ~~Final notification for papers requiring ethics re-review~~ | ~~Friday~~ | ~~April 30, 2021~~ |
| ~~Publication date~~ | ~~Monday~~ | ~~May 24, 2021~~ |
| ~~Co-located event: [NLP Summer School 2021](https://ampln.github.io/escuelaverano2021/)~~ | ~~Thursday – Friday~~ | ~~June 3 – 4, 2021~~ |
!-->



## Important Dates

Tutorials | Sunday | August 11, 2024 |
Main Conference | Monday – Wednesday | August 12 – 14, 2024 |
Workshop | Thursday - Friday | August 15 -16, 2024 |

<style>
.dates-table { font-size: .9em; }
.dates-table tr td:nth-child(1) { width: 55%; }
.dates-table tr td:nth-child(2) { width: 25%; }
.dates-table del { color: #888; }
</style>


{: .dates-table}
<br>
<b>All deadlines are 11.59 pm <a target="_blank" href="https://www.timeanddate.com/time/zone/timezone/utc-12">UTC -12h</a> (anywhere on earth).</b>

<!--
| June 18, 2021 | Blogpost by D&I chairs: [Increasing Financial Accessibility in NAACL](/blog/dni-subsidies).
| June 8, 2021 | Congratulations to the winners of the [Best Demo Award](/blog/best-demo-award)!
| June 8, 2021 | Congratulations to the winners of the [Best Industry Paper Award](/blog/best-industry-paper)!
| June 3, 2021 | Added details about the [Careers in NLP](/blog/careers-in-nlp) industry panel.
| June 4, 2021 | Added [instructions for presenters](/participants/presenters/) and [Zoom rooms instructions](/participants/zoom-rooms/)
| June 3, 2021 | Details about the [Startups in NLP](/blog/startups-in-nlp) industry panel.
| June 3, 2021 | Updates from the program chairs on the [paper review process](/blog/paper-review-process) and [ethics-review-process](/blog/ethics-review-process).
| June 2, 2021 | Congratulations to the winners of the [Best Paper Awards](/blog/best-paper-awards)!
| June 2, 2021 | Blogpost by D&I chairs: [NAACL Mentoring Sessions](/blog/mentoring/)
| June 1, 2021 | The [Conference Structure](/blog/conference-structure/) is now available.
-->
