_pages/about/travel.md, before:

---
title: Travel
layout: single
excerpt: "ACL 2024 Venue"
permalink: /venue/travel/
sidebar: 
    nav: "venue"
toc: True
toc_sticky: True
---
## Getting around Bangkok
**Bangkok bus, MRT, BTS - All in one Guide**<br>
Transit Bangkok is the most comprehensive guide to Bangkok public transportation. Bangkok bus, MRT (Bangkok Metro), BTS Sky Trains, boats - Chao Phraya Express and Khlong, are collected in one guide. Find information about fares, operating hours, download a Bangkok bus map and view listings. Use Transit Bangkok's route planner to find the optimal route to your destination.

More Information: [https://www.transitbangkok.com/](https://www.transitbangkok.com/)

**The BTS SkyTrain**<br>
The BTS SkyTrain runs through all important downtown districts and major transport hubs in Bangkok, from Mo Chit to On Nut (Sukhumvit Line) and National Stadium to Wongwian Yai (Silom Line). Zooming above Bangkok's traffic at a steady speed, and with connecting points to the MRT Underground, Chao Phraya Express Boats and two land transport terminals at Victory Monument and Mo Chit, it's the best way to get around.

More Information: [http://www.bangkok-maps.com/bts.htm](http://www.bangkok-maps.com/bts.htm)

**Grab Taxi**<br>
Grab Taxi is a smartphone-based taxi booking and dispatching service. Only 20 baht booking fee plus more with your meter cost.

More Information: [https://www.grab.com/th/en/taxi/](https://www.grab.com/th/en/taxi/)

Commit message:

Updated accommodation, ethics and venue information.

_pages/about/travel.md, after:

---
title: Travel
layout: single
excerpt: "ACL 2024 Venue"
permalink: /venue/travel/
sidebar: 
    nav: "venue"
toc: True
toc_sticky: True
---
## Travel Information
### **Airports**
Bangkok has two airports—BKK and DMK are unique facilities in completely different part of towns, separated by dozens of traffic-filled kilometers, which will take you an hour (minimum) to traverse.

BKK - Suvarnabhumi Airport (31.9 km to Centara Grand Hotel)
DMK - Don Mueang International Airport (23.5 km to Centara Grand Hotel)

<img src ="../assets/images/bangkok/pickup-airport.png">

### **Airlines**
The vast majority of international airlines that fly to Thailand only fly to Suvarnabhumi. Don Mueang, on the other hand, is primarily served by low-cost airlines, and only by airlines that are either Thai or are based within Southeast Asia. As a general rule, if you are flying from North America, New Zealand or Europe to Thailand, you will arrive at or depart from BKK. From Australia, there is the remote possibility that you may connect through Kuala Lumpur or Singapore on a low-cost airline and arrive at DMK.

### **Parking**
Complimentary for overnight guests & Conf. Attendees

## Getting around Bangkok
### **Bangkok bus, MRT, BTS - All in one Guide**<br>
Transit Bangkok is the most comprehensive guide to Bangkok public transportation. Bangkok bus, MRT (Bangkok Metro), BTS Sky Trains, boats - Chao Phraya Express and Khlong, are collected in one guide. Find information about fares, operating hours, download a Bangkok bus map and view listings. Use Transit Bangkok's route planner to find the optimal route to your destination.

More Information: [https://www.transitbangkok.com/](https://www.transitbangkok.com/)

### **The BTS SkyTrain**<br>
The BTS SkyTrain runs through all important downtown districts and major transport hubs in Bangkok, from Mo Chit to On Nut (Sukhumvit Line) and National Stadium to Wongwian Yai (Silom Line). Zooming above Bangkok's traffic at a steady speed, and with connecting points to the MRT Underground, Chao Phraya Express Boats and two land transport terminals at Victory Monument and Mo Chit, it's the best way to get around.

More Information: [http://www.bangkok-maps.com/bts.htm](http://www.bangkok-maps.com/bts.htm)

### **Grab Taxi**<br>
Grab Taxi is a smartphone-based taxi booking and dispatching service. Only 20 baht booking fee plus more with your meter cost.

More Information: [https://www.grab.com/th/en/taxi/](https://www.grab.com/th/en/taxi/)
